---
index: 11
title: Revolution at the first catchphrase
date: '2023-02-07T18:21:51.481Z'
imgSrc: 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dvweaspvt/image/upload/v1675794130/11_lryxve.png'
---

**2023-02-07:** I didn't originally intend for this comic to have a continuous plot, but here we go. The comic has written itself to be about a revolution (among other things). It all started with the disappearance of the Tortoise President. Where are they?

**Transcript:**

Panel 1:

Three small critters marching right, the first one holding a sign saying "News box parasites against fumigation". Opposite of them, to the left, are marching three tortoises: Captain Yrjö-Koskinen, Altort Einstoise and a tortoise wearing a red cap. The Captain carries a sign saying "Why did we need a president in the first place?" The red-capped tortoise has a sign saying "Good riddance!"

Text box: "Sometimes two political protests with strong catchphrases run into each other (at the street in front of the presidential palace)..."

Panel 2:

Both the parasites and the tortoises are now marching right. Above them there are symbols in the air: the anarchist A, sickle and hammer, black-and-red star and a feminist fist. Two parasites carry a sign saying "Against all forms of oppression". Professor Einstoise has a sign saying "Anarchosocialism now!"

Text box: "... and immediately fuse together into a larger demonstration. (Those signs in the air are not graffiti, but metaphorical symbols of the ideological mood.)"

Panel 3:

A full-panel text box: "It would be nice to claim that the revolution is immediately so successful that it can't be shown in one image or at least that its beginning is so bloody that it had to be censored, but neither of these things are true. The reason for this text box is achieving humorous similarity to the previous strip. (Every joke is improved by explaining it.)"
