---
index: 15
title: Friends and enemies
date: '2023-03-14T19:08:31.054Z'
imgSrc: 'http://res.cloudinary.com/dvweaspvt/image/upload/v1678820924/15_cgx0dq.png'
---

**2023-03-14:** That's when Tortoise Newstortoise swore they'd become a journalist. However, it is getting difficult without the precious News Box!

Also, extinct humans! It is the future!

**Transcript:**

Panel 1:

Tortoise Newstortoise is holding a copy of The Tortoise Webcomic 5 and interviewing the Two-Dimensional Ball-Eater, saying "Two-Dimensional Ball-Eater, I have graphical evidence of you interacting with humans!"

The Ball-Eater asks "Oh balls, how did you get that?"

Newstortoise responds "Well, I'm a journalist..."

Panel 2:

Newstortoise continues: "Speaking of which, I'm the one asking questions here. How did this happen? Humans are long extinct, but you're so young I can see your serial number!"

The Ball-Eater explains: "Simple! Me eat balls... with time travel! I borrowed Time- and SpaceShip *In Medias Res* from my friend Catopus."

Newstortoise requires clarification: "Catopus? My arch nemesis Catopus?"

The Ball-Eater asks: "What is your beef with Catopus?"

Panel 3:

Words of Newstortoise in a text box: "Catopus killed my mentor, the Great Necromancer!"

The Great Necromancer, a trtoise with skull-adorned purple wizard's hat, lies on their back. A buzzing laser beam is pointed to behind their tail. There is also Catopus, an octopus-like creature with a cat's head.

The Great Necromancer asks "Do you expect me to talk?"

Catopus answers "No, Great Necromancer, I expect you to die!"
