---
index: 2
title: The Tortoise News
date: '2022-10-01T21:00:00.000Z'
imgSrc: 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dvweaspvt/image/upload/v1670326493/2_gte74w.png'
---

**2022-12-06:** Already on the second strip I am way too verbose. Let's not consider it a problem, it's a feature!

Also, the second panel and the third one have a very similar layout. That's funny.

**Transcript:**

Panel 1:

Music plays "to a tune that sounds illegally much like the McDonald's jingle: Ta-da-da-da-daa - The Tortoise News!"

A globe with unfamiliar continents is accompanied with text: "THE TORTOISE NEWS - Provided by Tortoise News Network"

Panel 2:

Tortoise Newstortoise, a tortoise with a brown brimmed hat and label TNN on their shell, is standing atop a box labeled The News Box. They are pointing a microphone towards Blasphemous B. Bible, who is half tortoise and half demon.

Tortoise Newstortoise says: "This is the Tortoise News, good evening. My name is Tortoise Newstortoise. The recent increase in Satan-sightings all around The Space has been worrying many of our viewers. Ambassador Blasphemous B. Bible \[Note in a text box: The middle initial B. Stands for Benoit B. Mandelbrot.] from the embassy of Hell, what the hell (if you pardon the pun) is going on?"

Blasphemous B. Bible answers: "By his nature, the Satan is uncontrollable. However, there is no need to worry: we are trying to lure him back home with cat food and pornography."

Panel 3:

Text box: "Meanwhile, aboard TSS Anthropic Principle:"

Captain Yrjö-Koskinen is standing atop the conn, pointing at Spock.

The captain says: "Spock, we have to escape from king Satan the Lightbringer! Engage the teleological engine!"

Spock answers: "I am Spock."

Text box: "The teleological engine of TSS Anthropic Principle instantly brings the ship right where it will next be. This time, the destination is any location with less Satan. A happy ending for the first story arc!"
