---
index: 25
title: A deal with the devil
date: 2024-10-15T17:24:20.354Z
imgSrc: 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dvweaspvt/image/upload/v1729013253/25_kj95xm.png'
---

**2024-10-15:** What is Catopus planning to do with that key? You will find out at some point. Also, the Lord of the Rings DVD set was first mentioned in [strip #21](https://thetortoisewebcomic.net/comics/21). The term "sea meat" is of course a reference to [this tweet](https://x.com/Nowacking/status/1219109755580559362). (Linking to Twitter, which I still call Twitter, is not an endorsement of the bullshit of Elongated Muskrat. I just wanted to refer to the original source.)

Transcript:

Panel 1:

Text box: "A familiar bar in Hell:"

King Satan the Lightbringer and Catopus are standing on the opposite sides of a table. On the table there are two glasses of orange liquid. King Satan is grabbing one of them. He says, in blackletter, "I do enjoy my daily kibbles, but sometimes my servants bring me tuna, and that is just the best!" Catopus answers "I also prefer sea meat over kibbles."

Panel 2:

Same setting as in panel 1. Catopus says "By the way, your majesty, would it be possible to borrow the key to the Chamber of Tortoise Politicians in Hell, no questions asked?" With an evil grin, King Satan answers, in blackletter, "Yes, but the price for it cannot be paid in money! Ha-haa!"

Panel 3:

Text box: "Later:"

Tortoise Newstortoise rants to smiling Catopus, in a font that gets smaller and smaller: "You gave King Satan MY Lord of the Rings DVD set?! The very same I was given so that I would work with you!? You thief! Fucking bastard! I hate you, my nemesis! I shall speak of your treacherous deeds on the news! You monster! You absolute ass-goblin! May your whole family be cursed! I can't stand you! How do you sleep at night?! Your sins should weigh heavy on you! You spawn of unholy matrimony! I will fucking stab you! I'll beat you until your own mother, if you even have one, will not recognize you! You slimy hairball! May your organs rot inside you! I'll kill you in real life! I'll burn your house down! I'll rip you to pieces and give them to dogs! I'll make you eat pea soup! I'll publicly smear your reputation! I'll make sure no one will ever love you (as if anyone ever did)!I will strangle you with your own tentacles! I'll wipe that grin off your face with used toilet paper!" The rant is said to go on and on.
