---
index: 26
title: Hats and time travel
date: 2024-10-22T16:10:23.379Z
imgSrc: 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dvweaspvt/image/upload/v1729613422/026_ibtc7p.png'
---

**2024-10-22:** I considered naming this strip "A hat in time" but I don't actually know anything about that game.

**Transcript:**

Panel 1:

Text box: "In the past (somewhere between the strips 4 and 6 but definitely not during strip 5) Tortoise President is inspecting their hat collection:"

Tortoise President, a tortoise with a tophat on their head and word "PREZ" written on their shell, is looking a three hats identical to the one on their head and smiling. The hat on their head is normal hat for normal situations. The three other hats shown are, from top to bottom, abnormal hat for abnormal situations, fancy hat for fancy situations, and hard hat for hard situations.

Text box: "(The hats are identical, but it's the thought that matters)"

Panel 2:

TSS In Medias Res appears with a yellow flash. Its left end is seen, and is round and supported by a leg. It has a two-part hatch. The sound of a time- and spaceship suddenly arriving through time is a loud BURP. Tortoise President is surprised and driven onto their back legs.

Panel 3:

Agent 1028 steps out of the opened hatch of TSS In Medias Res and says "Tortoise President, I come from the future (somewhere between the strips 25 and 27)! You have disappeared, and I need you to act as a substitute for you until we find you!", adding in a smaller font "(Also, there's a revolution.)". Tortoise President answers "I would need my abnormal hat for this situation, but you parked on top of it, Agent".
