---
index: 3
title: The World Map
date: '2022-10-02T21:00:00.000Z'
imgSrc: 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dvweaspvt/image/upload/v1670326900/3_ce2g5i.png'
---

**2022-12-06:** There's a lot familiar in this map, but something's off... Click on the map to see it larger. Also click [here](https://github.com/SurrealPartisan/Better-Unit-System "The Better Unit System") to check the unit system used in the map.

**Transcript:**

The World Map (Subject to arbitrary changes).

Continents:

In northwest, a cloud-shaped continent labeled The Divine Empire Of Heaven, both in Cyrillic and Latin scripts. It's capital is New Jerusalem, and other cities Molotovgrad, Mt. Olympos and Haven of Heaven.

South of Heaven, there's Tortuga, with capital Port Tort and cities Chelonopolis, Türteldorf and Tortholm.

Southwest of Tortuga, there's an Australia-shaped continent labeld The Rebel Kingdom Of Hell, with capital Gehenna, and cities Mt. Doom and D\*sneyland. South of it there's Tasmania.

East of Hell there's New Zealand, with North Island labeled Aotearoa and South Island labeled Middle Earth.

South of Hell there's Antarctica, labeled Penguins. It's capital is Penguins, and so are two cities. There's also a Bolar Bear Colony (with blood type emoji B:s).

Southeast of Heaven there is a continen with the balcony horse meme Juan.

East of Juan there's Turducken, with two cities, Constantinople and Istanbul.

East of Tortuga, there's a banana-shaped continent labeled The Banana Republic, with the capital The United Fruit Company.

East of The Banana Republic there's Komodo. Here be dragons.

South of Tortuga and The Banana Republic there's The Space, a lack area speckled with stars. In The Space there are two named planets, Mars and Vulcan. Vulcan extends to also be a continent on the sea. The capital of Vulcan is Surakgrad, and there's alo a city called Mos Eisley.

East of The Space there's an amoeba-shaped continent labeled Amoeba.

Oceans:

Divine Ocean, between Heaven, Hell and Tortuga.

The Middle Sea, between Tortuga, Hell and Aotearoa.

Penguin Sea, east of Penguins, west of The Space.

Bay of Juan, next to Juan.

Banana Sea, Between Tortuga, The Banana Republic and Juan.

Upper and Possibly Northern Sea, north of Turducken and Juan.

Dragonic ocean, south of Komodo.

In the lower left corner there's a logarithmic-ish map scale from 0 to 100 000 barefoots (see [https://github.com/SurrealPartisan/Better-Unit-System](https://github.com/SurrealPartisan/Better-Unit-System)).
