---
index: 30
title: Night of the Lenin dead
date: 2024-11-19T17:02:22.200Z
imgSrc: 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dvweaspvt/image/upload/v1732035716/030_rzrbf2.png'
---

**2024-11-19:** Well, based on the second speech bubble, zombie gurgles aren't *always* that efficient at packing information. Or maybe the translation just loses a whole lot of nuance.

**Transcription:**

Panel 1:

The zombie of Captain Yrjö-Koskinen stands on top of The people's box (not to be touched by the people). In front of them, looking at them, stands Generic Zombie Tortoise, a green X-eyed tortoise with "Generic Zombie Tortoise" written on their shell. The zombie Captain says "Gurgh...", which is translated as "The building of state capit- err, socialism requires fresh braaaaaiiins. Go and recruit, Generic Zombie Tortoise!" Generic Zombie Tortoise answers "Grrrh gluhr hurgl ghurgl lruh ulrh guhlr ghlurl grrrlllh hurgggglh grrrruhl lurgh ugh gurglh grululu huh guh ruh luh glhur ghrl ghh...", translated as "Yes."

Panel 2:

Generic Zombie Tortoise says to Two-Dimensional Ball-Eater "Hrrrlh...", translated as "Two-dimensional comrade, your medical and scientific expertise would be very beneficial to the vanguard. Join us! Embrace undeath!" Ball-Eater answers "Me. Eat. Balls-sheviks!"

Panel 3:

Generic Zombie Tortoise is running from Ball-Eater, saying "Grrhll...", translated as "The strategy of the party, guided by *democratic* centralism and *scientific* marxism, dictates a clear course of action: gotta go fast!" Ball-Eater is chasing them and shouts "Stop running so I can devour your flesh!"
