---
index: 32
title: May you receive interesting news
date: 2024-12-10T18:40:11.948Z
imgSrc: 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dvweaspvt/image/upload/v1733856551/032_hq2kd3.png'
---

**2024-12-10:** The News Box below the interviewee, not the interviewer! How the turntables!

**Transcription:**

Panel 1:

Music: Ta-da-da-da-daa - The Tortoise News!

Tortoise Newstortoise is interviewing the Tortoise President and says "Good evening from the Tortoise News. The Tortoise President has reappeared, and agreed to an exclusive one-question interview. So, Mx. President, where were you?"

The President answers "I was... umm... on a very secret and urgent diplomatic mission to... ummm... Juan. Yes. But do not worry, citizens, the horse is still on the balcony. Also, now that I am back, I will put an end to all this revolutionary nonsense!", to which Newstortoise says "Thank you, Prez."

Panel 2:

Text box: "A close-up while the interviewee is changed:"

The picture is zoomed in to the face of Tortoise Newstortoise, who says "We asked both of the revolutionary factions for comments on the return of the President. The representative of the anarchists said: 'We don't need the pompous hat-hoarder to tell us how to live. The time of presidents is over!' The representative of the bolsheviks said: 'Urgh'."

Panel 3:

Tortoise Newstortoise is interviewing a news box parasite who stands on top of the News Box. Newstortoise says "In other news, the facility of News Box Fumigation, Inc. has exploded. The news box parasites from the anarchist faction have taken the blame, or honor as they see it. We have one of them here, \*sigh\*, "standing atop my old news box. So, parasite, how do you comment?" The parasite answers "Fuck the genocidal assholes. Also, while we are called parasites, the real parasites are those who hoard news boxes without even living in them."
