---
index: 41
title: Politics is a dangerous game
date: 2025-02-11T15:57:19.491Z
imgSrc: 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dvweaspvt/image/upload/v1739289563/041_nxcljm.png'
---

**2025-02-11:** Look at me making all those puns referring to video games I haven't played. Also, Tortoise President uses the word "bros" here in a gender-neutral manner. Not a neat thing to do, but in the mostly agender non-patriarchal society of tortoises it doesn't carry the same weight it might in ours, so it's acceptable for the sake of the pun.

**Transcription:**

Panel 1:

The force ghost of Captain Yrjö-Koskinen, Redcap, A Horse and two news box parasites are shown meeting Tortoise President. More anarchists are outside the frame. The Ghost-Captain exclaims "Instead of sending a representative, we all came to meet you, President!" The President says "Oh gee, there are lots of you!" Redcap then says "Due to the bolshevik zombie situation, some red dead prevention is needed. We want a peaceful solution. Are you ready to compromise?" to which the President answers "Listen, you super Makhno bros, I would rather die than -"

Panel 2:

Text box: "Meanwhile in Hell:"

Agent 1028 says "Push the button, Tortoise Newstortoise". Tortoise Newstortoise, who has written instructions in front of them, pushes the big red button on the switch. Catopus is outside the frame, eating Tortoise Newstortoise's packed lunch.

Panel 3:

Tortoise President is dead. The force-ghost Captain says "Oh shitfucking fuckshit, they just died mid-sentence!" Redcap says "Yeah, it was a real death sentence. Let's burn the body to avoid a 'president evil' situation." A Horse asks "Did we win?"
