---
index: 42
title: Three scenes with the Great Necromancer
date: 2025-02-18T17:31:59.350Z
imgSrc: 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dvweaspvt/image/upload/v1739899853/042_jiootd.png'
---

**2025-02-18:** The necromacer DVD thing was first explained in [strip 21](https://thetortoisewebcomic.net/comics/21). Gematria is a (mainly) Jewish numerology thing where words are assigned numerical values. In some, possibly different, numerological tradition, 777 is a number related to the trinity. Bathtubs are tubs for bathing. Does that explain everything?

**Transcription:**

Panel 1:

Great Necromancer is discussing with the zombie of Captain Yrjö-Koskinen, saying "I have some reservations about joining your faction. I mean, I *am* evil, but becoming a bolshevik might be too much even for me!" The zombie Captain says "Guhrulll...", translated as "You will hold the absolute power. Also, we will give you a DVD box of Arnold Schwarzenegger movies!" to which Necromancer answers "Well in that case I'm in!"

Text box: "You know the thing necromancers have for DVDs."

Panel 2:

Text box: "Later:"

Great Necromancer is talking with Generic Zombie Tortoise, saying "The useful idiots of Heaven have declared their support to us. They sent 7 bales of angel hair, 7 barrels of snake oil and 7 bathtubs." Generic Zombie Tortoise answers "Hugrrl...", translated as "God-empress Trinity has become, if not geriatric, at least gematric." Necromancer declares "I have no idea what we will do with these things."

Panel 3:

Text box: "Even later:"

Great Necromancer is bathing in snake oil. In front of them there is a bale of angel hair, i.e. a so called "Christian Bale". On top of the bale there is a television, which says "Put the cookie down, now!" Necromancer thinks "Actually, this is kind of nice."
