---
index: 48
title: A happy end?
date: 2025-04-01T18:16:01.854Z
imgSrc: 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dvweaspvt/image/upload/v1743531289/048_i54icw.png'
---

**2025-04-01:** So, the milestone of strip 50 is approaching, and all the major plot arcs thus far are closed or closing. Strip 49 will be the map of Tortuga after the revolutions plus some demographical information etc. Strip 50 will be a special Q\&A strip, where your questions about the world and the characters of The Tortoise Webcomic will be answered by the characters. There will be an announcement about this on every social media channel in a day or a couple, but if you wish, you can already start sending me your questions, for example on the comment section of any of my social media channels.

**Transcription:**

Panel 1:

Tortoise President says to the microphone of astonished-looking Tortoise Newstortoise "...So, after getting a brief glimpse of the afterlife awaiting for me, I've decided to step away from politics. Since, currently, 'L'État, c'est moi', I am the state, this also means that this is the end of the state. (It wouldn't have to mean that, but I'm going out with a bang, making sure I'm remembered.)"

Panel 2:

A Horse and the force ghost of Captain Yrjö-Koskinen are watching a TV, which is on top of a box of expropriated private property. The TV says "The Republic of Tortuga is hereby dismantled". A Horse asks "Did we win?", to which Captain says "Yes, A Horse. Now nothing will stop us from liberating the whole Tortuga!"

Panel 3:

Great Necromancer (in a bathtub) and Generic Zombie Tortoise are watching a TV, which is on top of a bale of angel hair. The TV says "Let the revolutionaries build a new society, if they think it's so easy!" Generic Zombie Tortoise says "Gruh...", which is translated as "Did we win?" Great Necromancer answers "Yes, Generic Zombie Tortoise. Now nothing will stop us from controlling the whole Tortuga!"
