---
index: 50
title: Questions from readers 1
date: 2025-04-15T19:47:21.573Z
imgSrc: 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dvweaspvt/image/upload/v1744746360/050_ffa3ub.png'
---

**2025-04-15:** 50 strips already! Wow, that's a lot. Huge thanks to all my readers, especially those two who sent the questions for this strip. I have been thinking that I should publish a physical album of the first fifty strips (and later of strips 51 to 100 etc.). I'll let you know if I go on with that plan.

**Transcription:**

Panel 1 (top left):

Text box: King Satan: "You seemed to be knitting some sort of pants. Who are they for? What kind of stitch is that?" "Besides knitting, what do you do in your free time?"

King Satan says, in blackletter, "The pants are a prank gift for God-Empress Trinity. They are knitted with a Möbius stitch to make sure she gets tangled in them! Ha-haa! Other things I enjoy doing include playing the violin, collecting bugs, watching porn, and knocking things down from tables and shelves."

Panel 2 (bottom left):

Text box: Catopus: "Where are you from? How did you become fluent in so many languages? And what are you, exactly? Are there more beings like you?"

Catopus says "I grew up in a refugee camp in the Republic of Northern Hell, thousand years in the future. That multilingual environment gave me a good start in language learning. The time cop training also included lots of language studies. The rest I've learned as a hobby." and continues "I am a catopus, coming from a long (parthenogenetic) line of catopodes. I haven't found my kin in the current time."

Panel 3 (middle, spanning two rows):

Text box: Professor Einstoise: "Could you describe the technical functional components of the teleological engine in some detail?"

Altort Einstoise says, in a font that gets ever smaller to the point where it is more or less illegible, "Well, first there are the Klein bottles. They contain not only the fuel, but also the fuel oxidizer and the fuel discombobulater liquids. The reaction of these fluids moves the inverse-causal feedback pistons, the movement of which causes the reaction in the first place. The pistons also activate the oobleck hydraulics. The oobleck flows, if I can call it flowing, through the vorpal rotor blades. The rotor then rotates the hypertoroidal lattice-wiggler, which causes four-dimensional wiggling in the unobtainium-phlebotinum lattice of the teleological core. Now, those wigglings themselves are not enough to move the ship where it will next be, but there is also a connection from the core back to the inverse-causal feedback pistons. The fuel discombobulater, when it reacts with the fuel, discombobulates not only the fuel, but also the piston-core connection, causing spatial uncertainty, which is then amplified by a Heisenberg amplifier. The vorpal rotor synchronizes with metasurreal vibrations of the memesphere, causing feedback in the oobleck. This activates, backwards in time, the intake manifold that lets the fuel components react. Meanwhile, the heisenberg-amplified spatial uncertainty and the discombobulated wigglings of the teleological core interact causing the ship to be omnipresent. However, the tachyonic flow between the hypertoroidal lattice-wiggler and, well, everywhere, causes causal-spatial diffraction patterns in the location ensemble, and the metacausal navigation system can be used to "select" the target location. This is of course selection only in a post hoc sense. Now, the metacausal navigation system itself consists of several parts. The quantum processor only calculates possibilities, whereas the memetic singularity reads the metasurreal Morse code from the vorpal rotor. A simulated Laplacian demon-soul sees all. It forms in its omniscience a metamathematical counterpart to the omnipresence of the ship. The memetic singularity feeds the metasurreal data to the demon soul, which turns it from surreal to real., or more prescisely, metareal. This metareality then activates the location selection process. Now, to go from metareal to actually real..." The lecture is said to continue for several hours.

Panel 4 (top right):

Text box: News box parasites: "Do you often migrate to different newsboxes? If so, are they readily available? Can you do with other sorts of boxes, in a pinch?"

A news box parasite says "We move between news boxes to avoid inbreeding. Every respectable journalist has a news box, so there's enough for our rather small population. During the evolutionary history, before news boxes were invented, we had to use other kinds of boxes, so it would be possible nowadays too. However, news boxes have superior telecommunications properties, so we strongly prefer them."

Panel 5 (bottom right):

Text box: "Open question for anyone: 'every joke is improved by explaining it' sounds a bit humorous, allowing us to interpret it as a joke. Could you explain it?"

A Horse says "As our resident fourth-wall breaker, I'll explain the joke the narrator made in strip 11. Usually, jokes are considered to be funnier if you don't explain them. So, this claim is a humorous subversion of that. Also, it is metahumor, as it kind of comments on itself."
