---
index: 51
title: President Lincoln in The Space
date: 2025-04-22T20:08:13.720Z
imgSrc: 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dvweaspvt/image/upload/v1745352389/051_uhuapi.png'
---

**2025-04-22:** Here I am parodying both myself and Star Trek. My main complaint with the original Star Trek series was the lack of continuity (although quite understandable for TV of that era). The episode *Savage Curtain* is a great example of that. Just in the previous example, Kirk and the others meet an immortal human and byt hte end of the episode accept that he was several important historical figures. Yet in this episode, Kirk says he could not for a moment think that the Abraham Lincoln they see in space is the real deal. One would assume that the previous experience would make him also accept that as a possibility. Oh well.

**Transcription:**

Panel 1:

Text box: Suddenly on the viewscreen of the TSS Anthropic Principle bridge:

Abraham Lincoln is sitting in an armchair in front of a field of stars (this is a screenshot from Star Trek TOS episode Savage Curtain). He says "Ha-haa! I shall free all the slaves!"

Panel 2:

Captain Yrjö-Koskinen (the force ghost) is leaning on a box labeled "The Conn". Behind them is A Horse. Captain says "Oh hellfuck! It's President Abraham Lincoln, the ruler of the United States of America, a former colony of Great Britain!" A Horse says "I hope he won't free me from my slavery, as it is a kink thing!"

Panel 3:

Tortoise Newstortoise is standing on top of The News Box (back with an agreement that the parasites may live there freely while it's being used) and interviewing Hannibal Hamlin, a human. Between them there is a news box parasite. Newstortoise says "The recent increase in Lincoln-sightings all around The Space has been worrying many of our viewers. Vice President Hannibal Hamlin (whom we brought from the past to be interviewed), what is going on?" Hamlin answers "Gadzooks! A talking tortoise!"
