---
index: 58
title: An intervention and an interruption
date: 2025-06-10T19:03:43.202Z
imgSrc: 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dvweaspvt/image/upload/v1749582252/058_tdxuxe.png'
---

**2025-06-10:** I'm no expert on restorative/transformative justice, but interventions and therapy are certainly among the methods that an anarchistic society might use to reduce violent behavior. Of course, the main goal would be rather to prevent violence in advance than to deal with it afterwards.

**Transcription:**

Panel 1:

The force ghost of Captain Yrjö-Koskinen says to Spock "Spock, your friends and fellow community members have discussed. The revolutionary conflict seems to have harmed your psyche. You even killed Abraham Lincoln! We think you need anger management therapy."

Spock begins their answer "Bullsh-", but is interrupted by Altort Einstoise, who says "A wave of surrealism is approaching!"

Panel 2:

The forms of the three tortoises are twisted in a surreal manner. Captain Yrjö-Koskinen has a long, twisty neck, on top of which their hat has a stretched form. On their shell there are a little house and a tree, and below it ten feet. Their cyan aura is in flames. Spock has a large head resembling that of Leonard Nimoy in the role of Spock form Star Trek. On their shell, instead of "SPOCK" it says "SPONK". Their feet are tentacle-like. The head of Altort EInstoise is very large and in their mouth there is an eyeball with eyelashes.

Panel 3:

Captain Yrjö-Koskinen says "Oh godshit, I hate those things." Spock agrees, saying "Yeah, they make me want to shoot Salvador Dali in the face... Oh, I guess you have a point about that therapy."
