---
index: 61
title: A Freudian slippery slope
date: 2025-07-01T18:14:19.710Z
imgSrc: 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dvweaspvt/image/upload/v1751393707/061_hpm87w.png'
---

**2025-07-01:** Interesting...

**Transcription:**

Panel 1:

Spock meets Shrink, a tortoise with eyeglasses and their name written on their shell. Spock says "I am Spock". Shrink greets them, saying "Hello, Spock! My name is Shrink. I am going to help you with your anger management issues." Spock exclaims "I already think you are an incompetent quack!", to which Shrink says "Interesting..."

Panel 2:

Spock is balancing on top of a large therapy ball. Shrink says "Tell me about your childhood." Spock answers "I love both my parents equally: my tortoise parent, from whom I inherited my faith in Allah (SWT) and who kept on giving me good life advice, and my Vulcan mother, from whom I inherited my sassy nature, and who kept on giving me half-siblings of different species. By the age of two I could recite pi up to 10 000 digits in hexadecimal. Sometimes I would refuse to eat anything but chocolate. Normal childhood stuff." Shrink says "Interesting..."

Panel 3:

Spock lies upside down, holding the therapy ball on their limbs. They say "I don't think I had any anger issues before the revolution. I mean, of course I wanted to brutally disembowel anyone who insulted my mother, or took the last piece of chocolate, or borrowed my dictionaries without permission, or called chocolate "chonklate", or wore a too bright-colored hat, or chose themself a stupid name referring to their hat, or chewed food loudly, or was a fascist (Duh!), or was a president, or threw their candy wrappers on ground, or had an uncomely face, or had a funny voice, but I hid all that deep inside like a good child." Shrink says "Interesting..."
