---
index: 67
title: These two are trusted to handle diplomacy
date: 2025-08-12T16:59:17.479Z
imgSrc: 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dvweaspvt/image/upload/v1755017968/067_at8kns.png'
---

**2025-08-12:** I think it's finally time I explain what's funny about the name Yrjö-Koskinen. You see, once upon a time in Finland, Swedish was the language of the elite. There was a man called Georg Zacharias Forsman who, with many others, wanted to change this. However, even his own name was Swedish. Georg and Zacharias are of course cognates of George and Zachary, respectively. Forsman means "rapids man". As his pen name he used Yrjö Koskinen, as Yrjö is the Finnish equivalent of Georg, koski means rapids and -nen is a common way to end a Finnish surname. When he was raised to nobility, he decided he wanted his to be the first noble house with a Finnish name. However, he didn't call it Koskinen. No. He took a new name: Yrjö Sakari Yrjö-Koskinen (Sakari of course being the Finnish cognate for Zacharias). And if this display of redundancy and perhaps egotism was not enough, he had a son called Yrjö Koskinen Yrjö-Koskinen (who, for the sake of decency, is usually called Y. K. Yrjö-Koskinen).

To give you a full disclosure, yrjö is nowadays also colloquial Finnish for "vomit". I don't consider that to be an important part of what makes the name Yrjö-Koskinen funny, but someone might.

Transcription:

Panel 1:

Text box: Captain Yrjö-Koskinen has a more-or-less friendly rival in Captain Merriam-Webster of TSS Zeno's Paradox.

Captain Merriam-Webster, a tortoise with an orange cap with a blue star, and with "Capt. M-W" written on their shell, says to Captain Yrjö-Koskinen (the force ghost) "Well, well, well, if it isn't the captain of TSS 'Just So That You Could Ask'." Captain Yrjö-Koskinen answers "Oh, look what the catopus dragged in! The captain of TSS 'I Don't Understand Convergent Series'."

Panel 2:

Merriam-Webster says "You seem to have died since we last met. I must say, being dead suits you!" Yrjö-Koskinen says "Not as much as being a dumbass suits you!"

Panel 3:

Merriam-Webster says "I heard you can't get a bigger hat due to your condition." Yrjö-Koskinen retorts "Well I heard you can't get laid!" Merriam-Webster further says "Go eat an assful of farts!", to which Yrjö-Koskinen answers "I assume you won't be the one serving them, since you fart through your brain and not your ass!"
