---
index: 7
title: Tortoise facts
date: '2023-01-03T18:44:36.755Z'
imgSrc: 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dvweaspvt/image/upload/v1672771793/7_fozeqd.png'
---

**2023-01-03:** Fact: Tortoises are really cool.

**Transcription:**

Panel 1:

Text box: "Fact: Tortoise limbs are not actually elastic, they just are at any given moment exactly the length and shape needed. Technological mimicry of this pseudobiological fact is what allowed Professor Altort Einstoise to invent the teleological engine."

Captain Yrjö-Koskinen is leaning on a very tall box labeled "The (long) Conn", with very elongated hind legs.

Tortoise Newstortoise, standing on The News Box, is offering the captain a microphone with a very elongated front limb and asks: "Are you perpetrating a long con?"

Panel 2:

A full panel text box with multiple facts:

Fact: Most tortoises are agender. Their reproductive biology is none of your business.

Fact: The Republic of Tortuga is amid a cold war against The Banana Republic, led by the despotic president Chica "La Chiquita" Cavendish.

Fact: The favorite music genre of tortoises is shoegaze.

Fact: Young tortoises have their serial numbers on their shells. On older tortoises, the numbers have usually faded away and possibly been replaced with other signature shell paintings.

Fact: As tortoises are officially known by their serial numbers, their names are informal and usually chosen by themselves.

Fact: Members of the tortoise navy, like the crew of TSS Anthropic Principle are called "turtles".

Panel 3:

Text box: "Fact: Having God-Empress Trinity ruling a neighboring country makes worshipping her very difficult, causing the Christian faith to be almost non-existent among tortoises. Islam, on the other hand, has avoided such fate by being a strictly unitarian monotheistic religion and not considering her the true God."

A pie chart titled "The distribution of religions among tortoises", with the following slices:

* Non-religious, ~40%
* Muslim, ~40%
* Jedi/Sith, ~10%
* Freddie Mercury worshipper, ~5%
* Other, ~5%

