---
index: 70
title: 'In the soviet side of Tortuga, the news watch you!'
date: 2025-09-02T19:42:48.862Z
imgSrc: 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dvweaspvt/image/upload/v1756842175/070_bcqtsi.png'
---

**2025-09-02:** I haven't read the full Communist Manifesto (although I do have the Finnish translation in my personal library), but I know the start and the end well enough to make fun of them.

**Transcription:**

Panel 1:

Tortoise Newstortoise says to Great Necromancer "Great Necromancer, it's nice to see you alive again!" Great Necromancer says "My old apprentice! Have you come to continue your necromancy studies?" Newstortoise answers "No, I have come to interview you for TV!" to which Necromancer says "Well in that case, let me pose atop Lenin's sarcophagus."

Panel 2:

Tortoise Newstortoise is standing on top of The News Box and holding a microphone for Great Necromancer, who stands on top of Lenin's sarcophagus. Newstortoise asks "First question: I don't hear any chain-rattling. Isn't there supposed to be a spectre haunting this castle? A spectre of communism?" Necromancer responds "There is! However, as the ghosts had nothing to lose but their chains, we took their chains. Chains are means of production, after all."

Panel 3:

Same overall positions as in the previous panel. Newstortoise asks "So, how does it feel to be a dictator?" Necromancer answers "I'm not a dictator, the proletariat is! Can't you hear them?" and then, covering their mouth, continues (in italics) "Hey, it's us, the proletariat! We dictate the things here!" Newstortoise then says "There's a reason you are not called Great Ventriloquist."
