---
index: 76
title: Setting up a surprise
date: 2025-10-14T18:44:32.266Z
imgSrc: 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dvweaspvt/image/upload/v1760467484/076_ejutyy.png'
---

**2025-10-14:** Captain's initial confusion is related to the lie told to them by A Horse in [strip 55](https://thetortoisewebcomic.net/comics/55). Also, I'm not sure how loud the banging of two intact coconuts together is. I guess the more traditional (should I say "pythonic"?) thing would be banging together two empty halves of coconuts instead.

**Transcription:**

Panel 1:

The force ghost of Captain Yrjö-Koskinen is talking to A Horse, whose head, tail, and limbs are still shrunken. A Horse is somewhat less purple than previously. Captain asks "A Horse, how can your head, limbs and tail be so far away when your shell is right next to me? Also, why are you purple?" A Horse explains "I guess it's time for honesty. I was actually shrunken and now I'm partially deshrunken. The color is related." Captain says "Well, whatever. I need your help."

Panel 2:

A Horse is following Captain into a hatch on the side of a large orange thing with a wide blue stripe. They carry a suspicious bag, and ask "Why are we sneaking into TSS Zeno's Paradox? Also, what am I carrying?" Captain answers "If questions were coconuts, you'd have two of them and could bang them together to make our sneaking even more noticeable!" A Horse says "Sorry, I'll be quiet."

Panel 3:

Text box: Later:

There are two coconuts between Captain and A Horse. Captain says "Here's your reward for helping me: two coconuts! Feel free to bang them together now that we are no longer sneaking." A Horse says "Nice! Thank you, captain!"
