---
index: 79
title: Some deals you can't get out of
date: 2025-11-11T22:00:00.000Z
imgSrc: 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dvweaspvt/image/upload/v1762898147/079_rofsmb.png'
---

**2025-11-12:** Well, last week I forgot to publish a strip, and this week I am a bit late with it. But there's also a bigger problem: I haven't drawn new strips in ages and am running out of them. I'll try to get some more done soon, but there's a risk of a hiatus. We'll see.

Freddie Mercury worship was previously mentioned in [strip 7](https://thetortoisewebcomic.net/comics/7). It is the fourth most common religion on Tortuga, practiced by approximately 5% of tortoises. Tortoise Newstortoise's love for DVD's was first mentioned in [strip 21](https://thetortoisewebcomic.net/comics/21).

T**ranscription:**

Panel 1:

Catopus is setting mouse traps, with one in her tentacles and one ready on the ground. Tortoise Newstortoise comes and says "Hey Catopus, I came up with an excuse to not be your child's godparent." Catopus responds "Do tell."

Panel 2:

Now there are four mouse traps on the ground, and Catopus is setting a new one that makes a clicking sound. Tortoise Newstortoise says "I am a Freddie Mercury worshipper. I assume you're not. The whole godparent business is based on shared religion." Catopus says "I worship the nameless god of loops and loopholes, and there's a loophole right there. As they are nameless, they might as well be Freddie Mercury." Newstortoise says "Well, damn."

Panel 3:

Catopus is extending her tentacle with the newly set mouse trap towards Tortoise Newstortoise and says "Now, please stick your front limb into this mouse trap." Newstortoise asks "Why would I do that?" Catopus claims "There's some very newsworthy political gossip in there, on a DVD! You love DVDs!", to which Newstortoise says "Ooh! Well in that case...", extending their front limb towards the trap.
