---
index: 83
title: Christmas strip 2025
date: 2025-12-23T23:27:24.960Z
imgSrc: 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dvweaspvt/image/upload/v1766532484/083_rmatna.png'
---

**2025-12-24:** It's always Christmas somewhere, am I right? The Tortoise Webcomic wishes everyone a merry whatever you might be celebrating around these times! [Here's a Christmas song by the great Tom Lehrer.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IaliZVelWdk)

**Transcription:**

Panel 1:

Text box: In the past (between strips 45 and 48):

The force ghost of Captain Yrjö-Koskinen says to Tortoise President "I'm the force ghost of Christmas past!" President says "I know who you are, Captain." Captain asks "Do you remember how idealistic you were as a young politician?" President exclaims "Bah! Humbug!" Captain asks "Excuse me?" President explains "Sorry, I got distracted by a loudly humming bug behind you." Indeed, a flying insect is humming behind Captain. Captain says "I see."

Panel 2:

Tortoise President is lookin into a mirror. The mirror image says "I'm the mirror image of Christmas present\*!" (A footnote in a text box: \*Not to be confused with Christmas presents, i.e., gifts.) President says "I know who you are, hallucinatory representation of my conscience." The mirror image says "You just died and went to Hell. Even though you escaped, you should think about what that means." President exclaims "Bach! Hamburg!" The mirror image asks "Excuse me?" President apologizes "Sorry, I was thinking about Germany."

Panel 3:

Catopus says to Tortoise President "I am the catopus of Christmas yet to come!" President says "I know who you are, time cop." Catopus tells them "The future will know you as a hatmaker, not as a president." President exclaims "Papakha! Homburg!" Catopus says "Yes, those are types of hats."
